Before you use this Application : 


1. Make sure that Model Answers are saved in the folder named as MODEL_ANSWER(IMG) as a .jpg file(sequence wise) in order of the questions as img1.jpg , img2.jpg and so on.


2.Also ensure that students answer sheet images are uploaded in STUDENT_ANSWER(IMG) , according to the students roll no. ( student1 , student2 and so on ), Further take care to upload the students answers in his/her respective folder Question wise as img.jpg, img2.jpg , img3.jpg and so on.


3. A google account with auto-login set in the default browser is also required.


4.A good working internet connection is a must for working of the application.




How to use this Application:


1. There are 5 main functional buttons in the application.These are Instructions, Model Answers, Students’ Answers, Evaluate and Results.


2. The Instructions Button : will open this text document in your default browser or editor . It is highly recommended to please go through the instruction manual completely and thoroughly.


3. Model Answers :


i) This Button will pop a window asking for number of questions for which model answers are      saved by the user in the required directory as discussed in the pre-requisites above.


ii) After entering number of questions in the input box click on confirm and please wait for 5-6  minutes to get things processed(for the OCR software to convert images to text file). 
The waiting time may increase in case of a slower internet connection, as to reduce errors in the conversion of image to text we are using google drives API.


5. Students' Answers:


i) A pop-up window will be created for the user to enter the number of students whose answer copies are to be checked.


ii)After clicking on confirm button, you will again need to wait for 5-6 minutes till a pop-up 
confirmation is seen. Again the waiting time may increase in case of a slower internet connection.


6. Evaluate  :Will give us machine generated scores after checking similarities
between the Model Answers and the Students' Answers(in form of a text file scores.txt )


8. Results : Will give you the statistical data of evaluations done till now in a tabular form ,
With percentage marks of each student in each question .  

9. Quit : According to the users need , he/she can either delete the checked copies(images and text documents) or keep them for future reference while exiting the application.


